[Music]
I'm not happy about this he knows we're
trying to leave the life behind don't
blame Nightwing the decision was mine oh
babe you're freaking out over nothing
what could go wrong welcome back
Aqualad has been on a deep cover mission
for months infiltrating black mantas
troops the light and the reach we faked
Artemis is dead in fact Artemis is
tigress what was I thinking
Wally and I really had something special
together leaving the whole hero thing
behind so we could just be normal but
what Nightwing called I couldn't say yes
fast enough
I so wanna kiss you now or maybe kill
you for putting us through all this
hold that thought you can decide later
or the rich will be this one but won't
that leave behind evidence of our
tampering with this planet not after we
destroy
they're causing the deterioration of the
planet's magnetic quality I have a
possible solution to our mutual problem
problem created by you and the light
collaborated to bring the reach-in earth
we're definitely coming back here babe
you know we don't have a world of save
there will always be a world to save
now drop me and go Omega squad has I'm
reading a twenty-first MFD in the arc
even at our top speed I'm not certain
the two of us can generate enough
kinetic energy then how about the three
of us the Kid Flash is in danger
just tell them okay
[Music]
where's wally you wanted me to tell you
he loved you I need a break Kaldur you
me Wally we we founded this team without
him I understand
business as usual
alright hey I'm up I'm up
all right all right I'm coming this is
cat grant reporting live from the
Markovian royal palace mehta human
trafficking is an international scourge
children and teens are being abducted
the way our daughter was abducted
there's a meta human trafficking
syndicate in markovia that we can shut
down with your help it's big when it's
all over we go our separate ways no muss
no fuss
[Music]
prince biome you tested positive for the
meta-gene princess Tara would likely
have tested positive as well which
explains why she was taken
something daring must be done if I have
to save markovia
letyagin activated let's see what we've
got
Oh
he seems ticked off ticked
[Music]
you